Noles Field 4NC2 shows the correct image, and the file data is correct in the viewer. It looks like the CUP data got assigned to the wrong airport
    FIXED: there are two 4NC2's listed in the file

VG40 has a position error, but it's not calling the pretty print, why?
3NC9 does not show an error, but I should tighten the tolerance on position so this fails

I need to create a method which gets cup files with: is_data_missing from cup, or is_file_empty from file,

Types of errors/things to fix on the CUP
1) Removing only heliport waypoints, or converting them to a stupid waypoint type
2) Runway direction problems and converting the user intput to CUP format
3) Relocating airport location and converting to CUP format
4) Wrong airport ID that doesn't match with file, but the GPS location is a true airport
5) Change CUP to show turf or solid runway

Notes CSV:
When I went to create the final CUP file, it was too large. I have to use csv.writer to create a file with similar size
I probably should have used csv.reader, but things worked as is. My problem now is that I would prefer that the input to
AirportFromCUP to be a Dictionary, and not the string of text. This will allow me to edit and compare the data that has
been changed.

Notes for new Class:
LineEdits = group of lineEdits
- clear all
CupLineEdits(LineEdits)
- populate with data
- convert edit to CUP equivalent

ImageGUI = label, buttons: Open Image File,
cup_lineEdits
file_lineEdits

High Level Goals for Discrepancies:
Research discrepancies
Synthesize true errors
Easy input for new CUP data
Convert User input to CUP input
Make new CUP file with User input
Log report of changes

High Level Goals for Scrolling
Find bad airports, i.e. bad landing conditions
Call and research airports in close proximity to flight path
deactivate airports that have been found to be bad
log report of changes

Beaver Dam Airport:
I"m not sure if this is an airport so I didn't update the airport file

Big River Ranch:
This airport doesn't have data online

Flying T Farm is closed. I put "closed" in the airport code and changed the waypoint
    data, but i need to go back to other airports and do the same.

Grahm Airport in SC does not have data online, but what I have in the cup looks correct

I need to check Bay Creek and Noles Field Airport

Greensboro North airport is closed which in the CUP is listed as 36NC.

The true 36NC, Fly Sky Airport, is not a good airport so I'm going to leave it out of the CUP

Hidden River Airport 89VA, needs to be deleted from the CUP file (DONE)

High towwer airport has no internet data, but I"ve updated the CUP

Hoffman's Farm 1VA5 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Holly Ridge's code was wrong

Hurdle Airport looks to be a developement now, delete from CUP (DONE)

JHarris doesn't have airport data online

jmcgee, can't find any online data

JWSTone, 75NC, has been a modified airport, it looks like a church
    has modified the runway and a fence covers part of the runway.

Lamar, SC, SC19 needs to be delete. It doesn't look like there is a runway there (DONE)

No internet data on LGlynn, i think the runway is longer but I'll stick with the conservative 1800

No internet data for Massengill Airport, had to move the marker over

Pamlico airport, 7NC0 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Pilot's Cove MD06 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Pilot's Grove VA05 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Red Bird's Airyard needs to be deleted 2VA0 (DONE)

Red House Airfield, 7VA5 needs to be deleted. (DONE)

Spencer NC35 needs to be deleted, it's been turned into a development (DONE)

Spring Valley VA95, doesn't have airport data online, but it's a crappy airport

Tuberville NC78, I need to delete, but when I made the update the program crashed (DONE)

Rose Retreat VA44 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Shivok VA 8VA2 needs to be deleted (DONE)

Weavers landing VA63 has the same code as Twin River. Weaver is so far from Ball, I'm going to leave out of the CUP.

WOW, revision 12 on the CUP file the last one, now I'm about to integrate runway width for all airports. I got 532 errors
    when I enabled the runway width.

I stopped at BentonFarm. I need to evaluate that airport and continue with the width analysis.

I stopped at Berryvale VA

I stopped at BridgewaterAirpark

I need to make a way to filter airports that are close to where I might fly